all this has chances the training starts
still so I guess it's different
the only low that is the mind streets approach the team
local penitentiary
if we are not going to rest on the subject of their children
they have three little brothers that the hand can not be alone at home and that
we look for a we have
landero we look for
we have to say it with cerebral palsy saints
we are so important despite optimism
in particular cases the Aguilarense galeana boy that touches me
very closely by Gilson documents
flowers and everything is a boy of five who want to do the brain
also has a little brother who deaf
the mom also the trained
he will also take home he looked like that in her angel
This is the reality
the percentage exceeds this highlight was
for now its function that the best for it are collected by the printing presses
what yes
when I started in the detention center johnson wanted
to get it gender in a wheelchair for lawrence
I do it with all the love in the world
I love I feel really happy because
since I'm here work for me is not at all
according to kudrin
so that the boys
with different capacity while another 15 years
that's why it makes me very happy
critics and andigital coconut already in the bush
no matter how it is
if not then
The settlements